in the 23 years that Samira Chaudhary
was married to Raza she never saw him
suffer with anything worse than a sore
throat and then two weeks ago she found
herself wearing a protective suit
sitting next to his hospital bed trying
to say goodbye I held his hand and
holding his hand and they said I'm Joe
the children love you really really much
and I'm so sorry for what's happened and
he held my hand and it just kind of felt
a vibration kind of like he was trying
to reach out to me and then after that I
felt that his arms and he just went cold
Raza was 57 years old he'd built a
successful property development business
in Glasgow and he and Samina raised
three children there the youngest one is
14 and he was really really close to his
father he finds it tough he goes mom I
can't understand why why my father why
why my dad and I was like I mean you
explain things to him and I say stuff
like you know he's there with you and he
goes don't say that to me he goes I want
to physically hug him and I want him to
hug me back I want to talk to him and I
want him to talk back to me and that's
where your loss for words there are
happy memories of course taking selfies
with the locals on holiday last year but
this is another family that this
outbreak has left devastated wondering
how to carry on gara Vincent ITV News